oreGold
	tile.oreGold
		Gold Ore
	block.ore.gravel.gold
		Gold Gravel Ore
oreIron
	tile.oreIron
		Iron Ore
	block.ore.gravel.iron
		Iron Gravel Ore
oreLapis
	tile.oreLapis
		Lapis Lazuli Ore
	tile.railcraft.ore.dark.lapis
		Dark Lapis Lazuli Ore
oreDiamond
	tile.oreDiamond
		Diamond Ore
	tile.railcraft.ore.dark.diamond
		Dark Diamond Ore
oreRedstone
	tile.oreRedstone
		Redstone Ore
oreEmerald
	tile.oreEmerald
		Emerald Ore
	tile.railcraft.ore.dark.emerald
		Dark Emerald Ore
oreQuartz
	tile.netherquartz
		Nether Quartz Ore
oreCoal
	tile.oreCoal
		Coal Ore
oreApatite
	tile.for.resources.0
		Apatite Ore
oreCopper
	tile.for.resources.1
		Copper Ore
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.copper.name
		Copper Ore
	tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.Copper
		Copper Ore
	MetalOre.Copper
		Copper Ore
	block.ore.gravel.copper
		Copper Gravel Ore
	tile.steamcraft:ore.0
		Copper Ore
	copper_ore
		Copper Ore
oreTin
	tile.for.resources.2
		Tin Ore
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.tin.name
		Tin Ore
	MetalOre.Tin
		Tin Ore
	block.ore.gravel.tin
		Tin Gravel Ore
oreSilver
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.silver.name
		Silver Ore
	tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.Silver
		Silver Ore
oreLead
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.lead.name
		Lead Ore
	tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.Lead
		Lead Ore
oreNickel
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.nickel.name
		Ferrous Ore
	tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.Nickel
		Nickel Ore
orePlatinum
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.platinum.name
		Shiny Ore
oreMithril
	tile.thermalfoundation.ore.mithril.name
		Mana Infused Ore
oreSulfur
	tile.railcraft.ore.sulfur
		Sulfur Ore
	sulfur_ore
		Sulfur Ore
oreSaltpeter
	tile.railcraft.ore.saltpeter
		Saltpeter Ore
oreFirestone
	tile.railcraft.ore.firestone
		Firestone Ore
orePoorCopper
	tile.railcraft.ore.poor.copper
		Poor Copper Ore
orePoorGold
	tile.railcraft.ore.poor.gold
		Poor Gold Ore
orePoorIron
	tile.railcraft.ore.poor.iron
		Poor Iron Ore
orePoorTin
	tile.railcraft.ore.poor.tin
		Poor Tin Ore
orePoorLead
	tile.railcraft.ore.poor.lead
		Poor Lead Ore
oreAluminum
	tile.ImmersiveEngineering.ore.Aluminum
		Bauxite Ore
	MetalOre.Aluminum
		Aluminum Ore
	block.ore.gravel.aluminum
		Aluminum Gravel Ore
oreCobalt
	MetalOre.Cobalt
		Cobalt Ore
	block.ore.gravel.cobalt
		Cobalt Gravel Ore
oreArdite
	MetalOre.Ardite
		Ardite Ore
oreAluminium
	MetalOre.Aluminum
		Aluminum Ore
	block.ore.gravel.aluminum
		Aluminum Gravel Ore
oreberryIron
	item.oreberry.iron
		Iron Oreberry
oreberryCopper
	item.oreberry.copper
		Copper Oreberry
oreberryTin
	item.oreberry.tin
		Tin Oreberry
oreberryAluminum
	item.oreberry.aluminum
		Aluminum Oreberry
oreberryAluminium
	item.oreberry.aluminum
		Aluminum Oreberry
oreberryGold
	item.oreberry.gold
		Gold Oreberry
oreberryEssence
	item.oreberry.gold
		Gold Oreberry
	item.oreberry.essence
		Concentrated Essence Berry
orebushIron
	block.oreberry.iron
		Iron Oreberry Bush
orebushGold
	block.oreberry.gold
		Gold Oreberry Bush
orebushCopper
	block.oreberry.copper
		Copper Oreberry Bush
orebushTin
	block.oreberry.tin
		Tin Oreberry Bush
orebushAluminum
	block.oreberry.aluminum
		Aluminum Oreberry Bush
orebushAluminium
	block.oreberry.aluminum
		Aluminum Oreberry Bush
orebushEssence
	block.oreberry.essence
		Essence Berry Bush
oreZinc
	tile.steamcraft:ore.1
		Zinc Ore
	zinc_ore
		Zinc Ore
orePoorZinc
	tile.steamcraft:ore.2
		Poor Zinc Ore
oreTungsten
	tungsten_ore
		Tungsten Ore
oreUranium
	uranium_ore
		Uranium Ore
oreThorium
	thorium_ore
		Thorium Ore
oreSalt
	salt_ore
		Salt Ore
oreCertusQuartz
	tile.appliedenergistics2.OreQuartz
		Certus Quartz Ore
	tile.appliedenergistics2.OreQuartzCharged
		Charged Certus Quartz Ore
oreSapphire
	tile.SapphireOre
		Sapphire Ore
oreberrySilver
	item.aobdbb.oreberrySilver
		Silver Oreberry
orebushSilver
	tile.aobdbb.orebushSilver
		Silver Oreberry Bush
oreberryLead
	item.aobdbb.oreberryLead
		Lead Oreberry
orebushLead
	tile.aobdbb.orebushLead
		Lead Oreberry Bush
oreberryNickel
	item.aobdbb.oreberryNickel
		Nickel Oreberry
orebushNickel
	tile.aobdbb.orebushNickel
		Nickel Oreberry Bush
oreberryPlatinum
	item.aobdbb.oreberryPlatinum
		Platinum Oreberry
orebushPlatinum
	tile.aobdbb.orebushPlatinum
		Platinum Oreberry Bush
oreberryMithril
	item.aobdbb.oreberryMithril
		Mithril Oreberry
orebushMithril
	tile.aobdbb.orebushMithril
		Mithril Oreberry Bush
oreberryCobalt
	item.aobdbb.oreberryCobalt
		Cobalt Oreberry
orebushCobalt
	tile.aobdbb.orebushCobalt
		Cobalt Oreberry Bush
oreberryArdite
	item.aobdbb.oreberryArdite
		Ardite Oreberry
orebushArdite
	tile.aobdbb.orebushArdite
		Ardite Oreberry Bush
oreberryZinc
	item.aobdbb.oreberryZinc
		Zinc Oreberry
orebushZinc
	tile.aobdbb.orebushZinc
		Zinc Oreberry Bush
oreberryTungsten
	item.aobdbb.oreberryTungsten
		Tungsten Oreberry
orebushTungsten
	tile.aobdbb.orebushTungsten
		Tungsten Oreberry Bush
oreNetherAluminum
orePoorAluminum
oreLimestone
oreNetherLimestone
orePoorLimestone
oreLumium
oreNetherLumium
orePoorLumium
oreNetherIron
oreNaturalAluminum
oreNetherNaturalAluminum
orePoorNaturalAluminum
oreNetherCobalt
orePoorCobalt
oreSignalum
oreNetherSignalum
orePoorSignalum
oreAluminumBrass
oreNetherAluminumBrass
orePoorAluminumBrass
oreNetherPlatinum
orePoorPlatinum
oreNetherLead
oreManyullyn
oreNetherManyullyn
orePoorManyullyn
oreNetherCopper
oreEnderium
oreNetherEnderium
orePoorEnderium
oreBronze
oreNetherBronze
orePoorBronze
oreNetherGold
oreNetherMithril
orePoorMithril
oreNetherArdite
orePoorArdite
oreSteel
oreNetherSteel
orePoorSteel
oreElectrum
oreNetherElectrum
orePoorElectrum
oreNetherSilver
orePoorSilver
oreAlumite
oreNetherAlumite
orePoorAlumite
oreGlue
oreNetherGlue
orePoorGlue
oreNetherTin
oreNetherNickel
orePoorNickel
oreInvar
oreNetherInvar
orePoorInvar
orePigIron
oreNetherPigIron
orePoorPigIron
oreObsidian
orePoorObsidian
oreNetherObsidian
orePrometheum
oreNetherPrometheum
orePoorPrometheum
oreDeepIron
oreNetherDeepIron
orePoorDeepIron
orenull
oreNethernull
orePoornull
oreNetherCoal
orePoorCoal
oreTetrahedrite
oreNetherTetrahedrite
orePoorTetrahedrite
oreNetherAluminium
orePoorAluminium
oreShard
oreNetherShard
orePoorShard
oreBauxite
oreNetherBauxite
orePoorBauxite
oreNetherZinc
oreInfuscolium
oreNetherInfuscolium
orePoorInfuscolium
orePyrite
oreNetherPyrite
orePoorPyrite
oreNetherLapis
orePoorLapis
oreOureclase
oreNetherOureclase
orePoorOureclase
oreLemurite
oreNetherLemurite
orePoorLemurite
oreIgnatius
oreNetherIgnatius
orePoorIgnatius
oreCassiterite
oreNetherCassiterite
orePoorCassiterite
oreNetherRedstone
orePoorRedstone
oreGalena
oreNetherGalena
orePoorGalena
oreSphalerite
oreNetherSphalerite
orePoorSphalerite
oreOsmium
oreNetherOsmium
orePoorOsmium
oreAstralSilver
oreNetherAstralSilver
orePoorAstralSilver
oreShadowIron
oreNetherShadowIron
orePoorShadowIron
oreNetherDiamond
orePoorDiamond
oreNetherEmerald
orePoorEmerald
oreRuby
oreNetherRuby
orePoorRuby
oreNetherSapphire
orePoorSapphire
oreAmethyst
oreNetherAmethyst
orePoorAmethyst
oreCinnabar
oreNetherCinnabar
orePoorCinnabar
oreGreenSapphire
oreNetherGreenSapphire
orePoorGreenSapphire
oreBlackGranite
oreNetherBlackGranite
orePoorBlackGranite
oreRedGranite
oreNetherRedGranite
orePoorRedGranite
oreManganese
oreNetherManganese
orePoorManganese
oreCarmot
oreNetherCarmot
orePoorCarmot
oreMidasium
oreNetherMidasium
orePoorMidasium
oreVyroxeres
oreNetherVyroxeres
orePoorVyroxeres
oreTungstate
oreNetherTungstate
orePoorTungstate
oreSodalite
oreNetherSodalite
orePoorSodalite
oreNetherQuartz
orePoorQuartz
oreNetherCertusQuartz
orePoorCertusQuartz
oreSkyStone
oreNetherSkyStone
orePoorSkyStone
oreCeruclase
oreNetherCeruclase
orePoorCeruclase
oreEximite
oreNetherEximite
orePoorEximite
oreNetherUranium
orePoorUranium
oreOlivine
oreNetherOlivine
orePoorOlivine
oreSheldonite
oreNetherSheldonite
orePoorSheldonite
oreYellorite
oreNetherYellorite
orePoorYellorite
oreRubracium
oreNetherRubracium
orePoorRubracium
oreAlduorite
oreNetherAlduorite
orePoorAlduorite
oreMeutoite
oreNetherMeutoite
orePoorMeutoite
oreIridium
oreNetherIridium
orePoorIridium
oreCooperite
oreNetherCooperite
orePoorCooperite
oreTitanium
oreNetherTitanium
orePoorTitanium
oreOrichalcum
oreNetherOrichalcum
orePoorOrichalcum
oreKalendrite
oreNetherKalendrite
orePoorKalendrite
oreAdamantine
oreNetherAdamantine
orePoorAdamantine
oreVulcanite
oreNetherVulcanite
orePoorVulcanite
oreAtlarus
oreNetherAtlarus
orePoorAtlarus
oreSanguinite
oreNetherSanguinite
orePoorSanguinite
oreBerryIron
oreBerryCopper
oreBerryTin
oreBerryAluminum
oreBerryAluminium
oreBerryGold
oreBerryEssence
oreBushIron
oreBushGold
oreBushCopper
oreBushTin
oreBushAluminum
oreBushAluminium
oreBushEssence
oreBerrySilver
oreBushSilver
oreBerryLead
oreBushLead
oreBerryNickel
oreBushNickel
oreBerryPlatinum
oreBushPlatinum
oreBerryMithril
oreBushMithril
oreBerryCobalt
oreBushCobalt
oreBerryArdite
oreBushArdite
oreBerryZinc
oreBushZinc
oreBerryTungsten
oreBushTungsten
oreNull
oreGlowstone
oreAsh
oreCharcoal
orePyrotheum
oreCryotheum
oreAerotheum
orePetrotheum
oreBlizz
oreBlitz
oreBasalz
oreGunpowder
oreConstantan
oreCoke
oreHOPGraphite
oreCupronickel
oreAluminiumBrass
oreSugar
oreBrass
oreBismuth
oreChromium
oreLithium
oreElectrumFlux
oreWheat
oreFluix
oreEnder
oreEnderPearl
oreWood
oreBone
oreTinyGold
oreTinyIron
oreTinyZinc
oreTinyCopper
oreTinyBrass
oreCrystalFlux
oreTinyTin
